Brother, let's not do this, right?
Even if you don't tell your little sister
You have to tell your sister-in-law too.
Oops, no need.
If they knew, they would have followed
It's such a long way.
What should I do if I encounter danger?
What are you doing with two burdens?
Wait, what did you just call Chu Chuhan's sister-in-law?
Sister-in-law, didn't you call me Senior Sister before?
Why did you suddenly change your name to sister-in-law?
It was Senior Sister who let him
He also said that if I didn't scream
And he taught me a lesson.
Hey coward, a woman can scare you like this
Don't say it's my old in-laws when you go out in the future
Sister, no
His brain is different.
How different is that?
Is he Barbie Lohan or Tin King Kong?
I think you are cowardly.
Where are you two going?
Hey, little sister Chu Han
Why are you here?
Why is it that big brother sees us two as a burden?
Not happy
How come?
It's all Qin Mo's nonsense, don't take it seriously?
Brother you